README			:This file
addingspec.pro		:Program to read in an image with a spectrum and
			 add the positive and negative images and make
			 a spectrum. 
dfefault.pro		:a small programm to give a variable a default value
input_calibration	:Inputfile for the calibration stars
			 first number is number of calibration stars
			 then for every star the name, 
			 the address of the fits file containing the added 
			 images
			 the total number of images (N.B. I have assumed that 
			 the integration of every image is equal)
			 the airmass during the observations
			 the flux in Jy
input_source		:Inputfile for the observed stars
			 first number is number of observed stars
			 then for every star the name, 
			 the address of the fits file containing the added 
			 images
			 the total number of images (N.B. I have assumed that 
			 the integration of every image is equal)
			 the airmass during the observations
lezen.pro		:small program to read a ascii table
specduc.pro		:The main program
wavelength_tabel_N.tab	:calibrationfile for the wavelength at every pixel
			 for the N-band
wavelength_tabel_Q.tab	:calibrationfile for the wavelength at every pixel
			 for the Q-band


---------------------------------------------------------------------
How to operate:

Start IDL, type in twice '.run specduc' the second time there should be no 
error messages. Then you can start it with 

result = specduc() 

if you want to use the standard input files or

result = specduc(filename_for_input_source,filename_for_input_calibration)

When you kill the widget the present spectrum will be written in 'result' as a 
two column table (wavelength, flux).

For the rest is it rather self explanatory.

Warnings:

1) No guarantees are given!
2) The flux absolute flux calibration is probably not completely right yet, 
   but should be close. The relative flux calibration should be OK.
3) It is assume dthat the calibration star goes like F goes like lambda^-2 
3) All slider values are internally divided by 100, i.e. 100 on the slider is
   1 for the program. Lack of IDL knowledge is displayed here by me.
4) I have no good idea about the wavelength calibration yet, for the moment I 
   have assumed that the observed star is correct.

Complaints:

I do not accept complaints but, remarks and suggestions are always welcome.

Enjoy,

Frank Molster

20-02-2002